A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (the fact that something is certain to happen, or something that is certain to happen)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (something that is inevitable will definitely happen and you cannot avoid it)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (a situation that is certain to happen)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (if something will inevitably happen, it is sure to happen and cannot be prevented)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (if something is inevitable, it will definitely happen and you cannot avoid it)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (certain to happen and impossible to avoid)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used for saying that something is certain to happen and cannot be avoided)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (certain to happen and impossible to avoid)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
A:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (inevitability)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
B:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (extreme violence)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
B:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (the state of being extremely violent and severe)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
B:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (the state of being extremely violent, cruel, and severe)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
B:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (ferocity)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (something important has a big effect or influence)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (to bring something from one country into another so that it can be sold there)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used to show that the next statement or question is more, equally, etc. important than what you said before it)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (a person, company, or country that buys goods from other countries so they can be sold in their own country)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used before mentioning something more important or the most important thing)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (the quality of being important)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used to show that your next statement or question is more, equally etc important than what you said before)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
C:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (importance)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (vermoedelik)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used to say that something is likely to happen, exist, or be true)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (vermoedelik)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (someone who is likely to be chosen for a team, to win a race, etc.)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (how likely it is that something will happen)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (how likely something is, sometimes calculated in a mathematical way)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (used to say that something is likely to happen, likely to be true etc)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (how likely it is that something will happen)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
D:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (probability)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (not too cold, stormy, or wet)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (not too severe, strong, or serious)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (slightly)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (slightly)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (dark beer with a slightly sweet taste)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (nie warm of koud nie)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (fairly warm)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (slightly)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
E:Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (mildness)  of the blizzard of 1888. 

